The Project Gutenberg eBook of Tales of Wonder, by Lord Dunsany

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the United States, you
will have to check the laws of the country where you are located before
using this eBook.

Title: Tales of Wonder
Author: Lord Dunsany
Release Date: October 18, 2004 [eBook #13821]
Language: English

*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK TALES OF WONDER ***

TALES OF WONDER

BY

LORD DUNSANY


PREFACE

I hope that this book, coming after "The Gods of Pegāna," "Time and the
Gods," "The Sword of Welleran," "A Dreamer's Tales," and "The Book of
Wonder," will be the last of my books about those countries that lie at
the edge of the world. I have written of their gods and of their heroes
and of their desirable cities, and later on I hope to write of our own
times and our own countries; yet I cannot let these other lands fade
from my fancy without writing one tale more, a tale of the end of one of
their cities, so that all my cities beyond the verges of our maps might
not seem to be deathless and eternal when nothing that man knows is.

But whether I leave these lands or not, this at least is certain, that
they will remain as they are; the gates of ivory and horn will not
prevail against them, time will not overwhelm them, they are not
assailable by the years.

DUNSANY.
August 1916.



A TALE OF LONDON

"Come," said the Sultan to his hasheesh-eater, "dream to me now of
London."

And the hasheesh-eater made a low obeisance and seated himself with
folded limbs upon a purple cushion, and having eaten liberally of the
drug he began to dream aloud.

"I see a city," said he, "set upon a turbid river, a sinuous river of
muddy waters that has carried the mountainous dirt of many counties
towards the sea..."

[Note: This is a placeholder file. The complete text would be downloaded from Project Gutenberg.]